README.md, before:

# mdmNotify
A generic script to use DEP Notify, an MDM (like Mosyle), and Installomator for initial Mac deployment with user feedback on screen.

mdmNotify is based off of [Jamf's DEP Notify Starter script](https://github.com/jamf/DEPNotify-Starter).

This script is basically in alpha stage right now. It "works" to the extent that it runs when called with sudo from Terminal on a Mac with DEP Notify and Installomator already installed. Although the script opens DEP Notify as the logged in user, so arguably it's ready to be tested with MDM. (Which runs scripts as a different user than the logged in user)

The script requires DEP Notify and Installomator to already be installed. Future logic will be added to handle waiting or self installing those components.

Core functionality comes at the policy array function:

```
POLICY_ARRAY=(
    "Installing Chrome,googlechrome"
    "Installing Firefox,firefox"
    "Installing Zoom,zoom"
    )
```

`Installing Chrome` is the text that will be displayed above the DEP Notify progress bar, and `googlechrome` is the label Installomator will use.

When Installomator finishes running that label, DEP Notify will advance the progress bar, update the text, and run Installomator again with the next label.

To do:
1. Add logic for if Installomator is installed, and install it if needed.
2. Install DEP Notify via Installomator before running DEP Notify.
3. As a last resort, if it all goes wrong for some reason, fall back and display an AppleScript notification notifying the user to contact IT support.

Commit message:

Update README.md and archive repo

README.md, after:

# mdmNotify
This repo has been archived. The project was quickly made redundant by [Dialog](https://github.com/bartreardon/Dialog)'s Lists feature, which allows you to show a list of apps and check them off when Installomator finishes installing them. There's a [demo Installomator script](https://github.com/bartreardon/Dialog-scripts/tree/main/Lists). I also have a [Dialog Lists example script](https://github.com/acodega/dialog-scripts) to handle apps being installed in random order, for example by Mosyle's App Catalog or VPP, and not by the script itself.

A generic script to use DEP Notify, an MDM (like Mosyle), and Installomator for initial Mac deployment with user feedback on screen.

mdmNotify is based off of [Jamf's DEP Notify Starter script](https://github.com/jamf/DEPNotify-Starter).

This script is basically in alpha stage right now. It "works" to the extent that it runs when called with sudo from Terminal on a Mac with DEP Notify and Installomator already installed. Although the script opens DEP Notify as the logged in user, so arguably it's ready to be tested with MDM. (Which runs scripts as a different user than the logged in user)

The script requires DEP Notify and Installomator to already be installed. Future logic will be added to handle waiting or self installing those components.

Core functionality comes at the policy array function:

```
POLICY_ARRAY=(
    "Installing Chrome,googlechrome"
    "Installing Firefox,firefox"
    "Installing Zoom,zoom"
    )
```

`Installing Chrome` is the text that will be displayed above the DEP Notify progress bar, and `googlechrome` is the label Installomator will use.

When Installomator finishes running that label, DEP Notify will advance the progress bar, update the text, and run Installomator again with the next label.

To do:
1. Add logic for if Installomator is installed, and install it if needed.
2. Install DEP Notify via Installomator before running DEP Notify.
3. As a last resort, if it all goes wrong for some reason, fall back and display an AppleScript notification notifying the user to contact IT support.
